README.md, before:

# README

[Clang-Format](http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) is a tool to format C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Objective-C/Objective-C++/Protobuf code. It can be configured with a config file within the working folder or a parent folder. Configuration see: http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html


## Usage

This extension allows clang-format (version 3.8 or higher) to be used to format C/C++, Javascript etc.
source files directly from within Visual Studio Code.

Files can be formatted on-demand by right clicking in the document and
selecting "Format Document", or by using the associated keyboard shortcut
(usually Ctrl+⇧+F on Windows, Ctrl+⇧+I on Linux, and ⇧+⌥+F on macOS).

To automatically format a file on save, add the following to your
vscode settings.json file:

```json
{
    "editor.formatOnSave": true
}
```

## Specifying the location of clang-format

This extension will attempt to find clang-format on your `PATH`.
Alternatively, the clang-format executable can be specified in your vscode
settings.json file:

```json
{
    "clang-format.executable": "/absolute/path/to/clang-format"
}
```

Placeholders can also be used in the `clang-format.executable` value.
The following placeholders are supported:

- `${workspaceRoot}` - replaced by the absolute path of the current vscode
  workspace root.
- `${cwd}` - replaced by the current working directory of vscode.
- `${env.VAR}` - replaced by the environment variable $VAR, e.g. `${env.HOME}`
  will be replaced by `$HOME`, your home directory.

Some examples:

- `${workspaceRoot}/node_modules/.bin/clang-format` - specifies the version of
  clang that has been added to your workspace by `npm install clang-format`.
- `${env.HOME}/tools/clang38/clang-format` - use a specific clang format version
  under your home directory.

## Source code
Available on github: https://github.com/xaverh/vscode-clang-format-provider

Commit message:

Add clang-format installation instructions

README.md, after:

# README

[Clang-Format](http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) is a tool to format C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Objective-C/Objective-C++/Protobuf code. It can be configured with a config file within the working folder or a parent folder. Configuration see: http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html


## Usage

This extension allows clang-format (version 3.8 or higher) to be used to format C/C++, Javascript etc.
source files directly from within Visual Studio Code.

> If you don't have it installed already, `clang-format` can be installed using Homebrew: run `brew install clang-format`.

Files can be formatted on-demand by right clicking in the document and
selecting "Format Document", or by using the associated keyboard shortcut
(usually Ctrl+⇧+F on Windows, Ctrl+⇧+I on Linux, and ⇧+⌥+F on macOS).

To automatically format a file on save, add the following to your
vscode settings.json file:

```json
{
    "editor.formatOnSave": true
}
```

## Specifying the location of clang-format

This extension will attempt to find clang-format on your `PATH`.
Alternatively, the clang-format executable can be specified in your vscode
settings.json file:

```json
{
    "clang-format.executable": "/absolute/path/to/clang-format"
}
```

Placeholders can also be used in the `clang-format.executable` value.
The following placeholders are supported:

- `${workspaceRoot}` - replaced by the absolute path of the current vscode
  workspace root.
- `${cwd}` - replaced by the current working directory of vscode.
- `${env.VAR}` - replaced by the environment variable $VAR, e.g. `${env.HOME}`
  will be replaced by `$HOME`, your home directory.

Some examples:

- `${workspaceRoot}/node_modules/.bin/clang-format` - specifies the version of
  clang that has been added to your workspace by `npm install clang-format`.
- `${env.HOME}/tools/clang38/clang-format` - use a specific clang format version
  under your home directory.

## Source code
Available on github: https://github.com/xaverh/vscode-clang-format-provider
